README.md, before:

# チュートリアルリンク

[Getting Started](https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/getting-started)

# 参考

- Webpack
  - [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/hot-module-replacement/)
- Next

  - Dynamic Routing

    - [GitHub](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/dynamic-routing)
    - [Docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/routing/dynamic-routes)

  - [useRouter](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/router#userouter)
  - [getInitialProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps)
  - styling
    - [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx)

- Next with TypeScript

  - [CheetSheet](https://www.saltycrane.com/cheat-sheets/typescript/next.js/latest/) から調べていく
    - ex. [NextRouter](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/blob/v9.1.4/packages/next/next-server/lib/router/router.ts)
  - [example](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript)

- React

  - [React Hook](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html)

* TypeScript
  - [型入門](https://qiita.com/uhyo/items/e2fdef2d3236b9bfe74a#%E9%85%8D%E5%88%97%E5%9E%8B)

# 本番へのデプロイ

[qiita 記事](https://qiita.com/longtime1116/items/18553e43bfb44cbc9d81)

# メモ

- TS 導入
- テスト
- API 接続

Commit message:

build API routes and use client-side data fetcher(swr)

README.md, after:

# チュートリアルリンク

[Getting Started](https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/getting-started)

# 参考

- Webpack
  - [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/hot-module-replacement/)
- Next

  - Dynamic Routing

    - [GitHub](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/dynamic-routing)
    - [Docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/routing/dynamic-routes)

  - [useRouter](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/router#userouter)
  - [getInitialProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps)
  - styling
    - [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx)

- Next with TypeScript

  - [CheetSheet](https://www.saltycrane.com/cheat-sheets/typescript/next.js/latest/) から調べていく
    - ex. [NextRouter](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/blob/v9.1.4/packages/next/next-server/lib/router/router.ts)
  - [example](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript)

- React

  - [React Hook](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html)
  - [SWR](https://github.com/zeit/swr)
    - SWR is a React Hooks library for remote data fetching.

* TypeScript
  - [型入門](https://qiita.com/uhyo/items/e2fdef2d3236b9bfe74a#%E9%85%8D%E5%88%97%E5%9E%8B)

# 本番へのデプロイ

[qiita 記事](https://qiita.com/longtime1116/items/18553e43bfb44cbc9d81)

# メモ

- TS 導入
- テスト
- API 接続
